README.md, before:

# React Testing With Enzyme

Enzyme is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to test your React Components' output. You can also manipulate, traverse, and in some ways simulate runtime given the output.

Enzyme's API is meant to be intuitive and flexible by mimicking jQuery's API for DOM manipulation and traversal.

Enzyme is unopinionated regarding which test runner or assertion library you use, and should be compatible with all major test runners and assertion libraries out there. In this case, we will be using Jest since it comes right out of the box with Create React App.

Enzyme is not included in Create React App so we will need to install it ourselves.

## Setup

We first need to install Enzyme and the Enzyme React Adapter. In the root level of your project, run the terminal command:

```bash
$ npm install --save-dev enzyme enzyme-adapter-react-16 react-test-renderer
```

In the `src` folder we will need to create a file to setup our Enzyme utilities and configuration. Create a file called `setupTests.js`. This file needs to exist and be present so React knows to use Enzyme as a testing utility.

Inside of the `setupTests.js` file, enter this code

```javascript
import { configure } from 'enzyme';
import Adapter from 'enzyme-adapter-react-16';

configure({adapter: new Adapter()});
```

## Basic Usage

Since we will be using Jest to help assist our Ezyme tests, there are a few different ways we can go about setting up our file structure following the Jest patterns in order for Jest to pick up on our tests.

1. Files end with a suffix of `.test.js` or `.spec.js`

This is a pattern we can follow to create a test file for a specific component and will reside in the same directory as the component file we are testing.

```javascript
components
+-------- Navbar
         +------ Navbar.js
         +------ Navbar.test.js
+-------- Footer
         +------ Footer.js
         +------ Footer.test.js
```

Commit message:

updated readme with jest fodler structure design

README.md, after:

# React Testing With Enzyme

Enzyme is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to test your React Components' output. You can also manipulate, traverse, and in some ways simulate runtime given the output.

Enzyme's API is meant to be intuitive and flexible by mimicking jQuery's API for DOM manipulation and traversal.

Enzyme is unopinionated regarding which test runner or assertion library you use, and should be compatible with all major test runners and assertion libraries out there. In this case, we will be using Jest since it comes right out of the box with Create React App.

Enzyme is not included in Create React App so we will need to install it ourselves.

## Setup

We first need to install Enzyme and the Enzyme React Adapter. In the root level of your project, run the terminal command:

```bash
$ npm install --save-dev enzyme enzyme-adapter-react-16 react-test-renderer
```

In the `src` folder we will need to create a file to setup our Enzyme utilities and configuration. Create a file called `setupTests.js`. This file needs to exist and be present so React knows to use Enzyme as a testing utility.

Inside of the `setupTests.js` file, enter this code

```javascript
import { configure } from 'enzyme';
import Adapter from 'enzyme-adapter-react-16';

configure({adapter: new Adapter()});
```

## Basic Usage

Since we will be using Jest to help assist our Ezyme tests, there are a few different ways we can go about setting up our file structure following the Jest patterns in order for Jest to pick up on our tests.

### Files end with a suffix of `.test.js` or `.spec.js`

This is a pattern we can follow to create a test file for a specific component and will reside in the same directory as the component file we are testing. The folder structure of the application would look like so:

```javascript
components
+-- Navbar
    +-- Navbar.js
    +-- Navbar.css
    +-- Navbar.test.js
+-- Footer
    +-- Footer.js
    +-- Footer.css
    +-- Footer.test.js
```

### House all test files inside of a `__tests__` folder

This pattern is where we will create a folder named `__tests__` inside the root of the `src` folder and all of the files inside this folder will be read as a test folder. This would make your folder structure to look like the following:

```javascript
src
+-- compomnents
    +-- Navbar
        +-- Navbar.js
        +-- Navbar.css
    +-- Footer
        +-- Footer.js
        +-- Footer.css
+-- __tests__
    +-- Navbar.js
    +-- Footer.js
```
